international tato
you were in full crisis of the club facing
many tests had to be canceled the governments in July the readjustments and
fuel consumption dreams
but Caesar all controlled the problem using that sublimated possible that
other locations
the fiat group in strength neither of 4 fiat 124 concussion of group 4 to italy
rafaela pinto to the site paganelli sérgio to fazio team nos trienos
Marco Aurelio
four minutes after the first time the product changes
with the beautiful goal
with the official team of the organ stealing all the magical boys cent
teacher pinto when the rally of the first fight and then being pipico
seconded by alcides paganelli and by sea collected
the titles that yes the three podium places
the only driver to fight Italian cars was right.
knocking down a toyota corolla of 135 horses anderson took third place
for a long time
but in the end he takes advantage of this position for webber
the best phase that the attitude of the official tsu team was operated and shorts
he occupied s60 c to fifth place
the French chrome in me was the best portuguese finishing in eighth was
citroen and floods from 7 to 6 with a standing
but what is precocious better the work of organizing the rally at that time
nothing better than I said 'ah let's show it all a ballet movie
74 as an option of the lawyer pedro pastel
the milena leader
in the middle of the crisis
the new exam
against the dollar
by sampling
informal workers
now it came from a state fight
on trips abroad
and the most important slogans
if the dilma
the former tub of the lusophone group
while imagining
in this context of the images
in November we entered five awards in Bahrain
one of the personal accidents
we, if we are leader of the saints
because who gives moral
the most disputed course
george buckley
will have much joy of water coming
the communist antónio filipe a little against the icasa for 3 by right field to
North-American
the organizer of the contest the santa cruz union